welcome to Chiefs kitchen today I'm
going to make chicken fried rice with
fried egg these are the ingredients of
the recipe first one rice I have boiled
and chill the rise in the fridge next
for the sauces I'm using a dark soya
sauce tomato sauce green chili sauce
hoisin sauce chili vinegar fish sauce
light soy sauce and then I have about
half a kilo of boneless chicken and for
the spice powders half pepper and chili
powder you can even use paprika spring
onions and then I have bell peppers
green red and yellow long cut onions
ginger and four cloves of garlic 2 eggs
carrots and yes these are the
ingredients of the recipes so let's see
how to make this in a boneless chicken
I'm adding dark soy sauce about two
teaspoons then one spoon of chili
vinegar teaspoon of chili powder half a
teaspoon of pepper powder and then salt
to taste mix everything well so I've
mixed everything and I also cut the /
chicken into really small bite-sized
pieces the pan is hot and I'm adding oil
make sure you add to fill the bottom
layer of the pan we are going to cook
the marinated chicken I've marinated
this for about 1/2
we are going to cook this till it's
really dry
you don't have to add any water the
chicken will let out its water you can
feel to keep cooking terror are it's
really dry
so yes the chicken is done you can see
it's completely dry system now in the
same pan I'm going to add just a little
bit of oil add ginger and garlic finely
chopped
and saute it for a minute now add onions
soppy all the ingredients in high heat
now add all the veggies
this is the time I will be adding the
sauces want to do these pools of green
chilli sauce one teaspoon of oil some
sauce 1/2 teaspoon of light soy sauce
one teaspoon of tomato sauce little bit
of pepper powder a little bit of chili
vinegar about 1 tablespoon mix
everything well
now add the chicken and mix everything
well now that the rice
now the rice is done I'm going to play
this and now it's time to do the fried
egg ad in oil because it is frying I
will be adding a lot of oil make sure
the oil is really hot because when we
add the ink it has to cook immediately
now I have two eggs here and I'm adding
I'm going to add the chilli powder
pepper powder salt and then fish sauce
not much just a few drops is enough make
sure you have the egg in high heat while
you're doing this
then someday the other eyes the dish is
done chicken fried rice with fried egg
I'm going to have a taste of it looks
really gorgeous
hmm it's over so nice with the fried egg
it just tastes super delicious I'm going
to continue having my fried rice and
I'll see you guys in my next video take
everyone hmm bye